A friend's frown is better than a fool's smile.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A friend is easier lost than found.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
A problem shared is a problem halved.
A true friend is someone who reaches for your hand, but touches your heart.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
Flattery is all right so long as you don't inhale.
Give credit where credit is due.
Grief divided is made lighter.
Memory is the treasure of the mind.
Nothing dries sooner than a tear.
Old friends and old wine are best.
The best of friends must part.
The best things are not bought and sold.
There is no better looking-glass than an old friend.
To err is human (To forgive divine).
Two cannot fall out if one does not choose.
A loveless life is a living death.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
All's fair in love and war.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Before you meet the handsome prince you have to kiss a lot of toads.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Cold hands, warm heart.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
First impressions are the most lasting.
Hatred is as blind as love.
Love and a cough cannot be hid.
Love does much but money does all.
Love levels all inequalities.
Love makes a good eye squint.
Love sees no faults.
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better.
Love to live and live to love.
Love with life is heaven; and life unloving, hell.
Man is the head but woman turns it.
Marry in haste, repent at leisure.
The course of love never did run smooth.
The Lord loveth a cheerful liar.
There is a thin line between love and hate.
To eat one's heart out.
True beauty lies within.
You can't live on bread alone.
A good friend is one's nearest relation.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man of straw needs a woman of gold.
A wink is as good as a nod, to a blind man.
An injury is forgiven better than an injury revenged.
Anger and hate hinder good counsel.
Appearances are deceptive.
At a round table there's no dispute about the place.
Attack is the best form of defense
Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
Behind every great man stands a strong woman.
Blood is thicker than water.
Cheerfulness smooths the road of life.
Confess and be hanged.
Conscience makes cowards of us all.
Don't blow your own trumpet.
Do as you would be done by.
Do unto others as you would have them do to you.
Grow angry slowly; there's plenty of time.
He bears misery best that hides it most.
He that hurts another, hurts himself.
He who wronged you will hate you.
Heavy givers are light complainers.
I am rubber and you are glue. Your words bounce off me and stick to you.
If you lose your temper, don't look for it.
It's not over till it's over.
Joy shared is double joy; grief shared is (only) half grief.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and you cry alone.
Never let the sun set on angry heart.
Never let the sun go down on your anger.
Never let the sun set on thy wrath.
Never quarrel with one's bread and butter.
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won't make you cry.
Open confession is good for the soul.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Patience is a virtue.
Persuasion is better than force.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
Temper is so good a thing that we should never lose it.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness.
You made your bed, now you must lie in it.
A bully is always a coward.
A handsome shoe often pinches the foot.
A good thing is all the sweeter when won with pain.
A man too careful of danger lives in continual torment.
A miss is as good as a mile.
Adversity flatters no man
Adversity and loss make a man wise
All promises are either broken or kept.
All things come to those that wait.
An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
An open door may tempt a saint.
As one door closes, another always opens.
As you go through life, make this your goal, watch the doughnut and not the hole.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Cut your coat according to the cloth.
Discretion is the better part of valour.
Do right and fear no man.
Easy come, easy go.
Experience is the hardest teacher. She gives the test first and the lesson afterwards.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Fortune favours the brave.
Hall binks are oft sliddery.
He who laughs last, laughs longest.
Home is where the heart is.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
It never rains but it pours.
Leave tomorrow till tomorrow.
Life begins at forty.
Lifes trials may be hard to bear, but patience can outlive them.
Live and learn.
Manners maketh the man.
No man is worse for knowing the worst of himself.
Only the good die young.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
The best things in life are free.
The family that prays together, stays together.
The longer you live the more you see.
The meek shall inherit the earth.
The receiver is as bad as the thief.
To wait and be patient soothes many a pang.
Up and down like a fiddler's elbow.
We cannot erase the sad records from our past.
What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over.
While there's life there's hope.
After dinner rest a while, after supper walk a mile.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
A drowning man will clutch at a straw.
An onion a day keeps everyone away.
Another pot ! Try the teapot.
As fit as a fiddle.
As hard as nails.
As sick as a dog.
As you go through life, make this your goal, watch the doughnut and not the hole.
Be not a baker if your head is made of butter.
Beauty is but skin deep.
Better late thrive than never do well.
Better to be poor and healthy rather than rich and sick.
Better to wear out than rust out.
Bread never falls but on its buttered side.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
Content is health to the sick and riches to the poor.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Drink like a fish, water only.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes you healthy, wealthy & wise.
Fair words butter no cabbage.
Good wine ruins the purse, and bad wine ruins the stomach.
Greediness burst the bag.
Grumbling makes the loaf no larger.
Half a loaf is better than none.
He who drinks a little too much drinks much too much.
He who rises late must trot all day.
His eyes are bigger than his belly.
Hunger is the best sauce.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
Old friends and old wine are best.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
Ready money is ready medicine.
Sound as a bell.
The nearer the bone the sweeter the meat.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
There's many a slip, twixt cup and the lip.
To add insult to injury.
To look as if butter will not melt in his mouth.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
What can't be cured must be endured.
What you eat today walks and talks tomorrow.
You are what you eat.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You can eat an elephant if you do it one mouthful at a time.
You can't unscramble a scrambled egg.
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness.
A fool uttereth all his mind.
A bad excuse is better then none.
Actions speak louder than words.
Angry words fan the fire like wind.
Bad news travels fast.
Call a spade a spade.
Do as I say not as I do.
Don't advertise: Tell it to a gossip.
Don't go off half-cocked.
Few words and many deeds.
For donkeys' ages.
Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk.
He who sings drives away sorrow.
If you don't say it you will not have to unsay it.
It takes two to have an argument.
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Listen to the pot calling the kettle black.
Many a true word spoken in jest.
No news is good news.
Nothing is ill said if it is not ill taken.
One picture is worth a thousand words.
Say what you mean and mean what you say.
Self praise is no recomendation.
Silence is an excellent remedy against slander.
Silence is golden.
Silence is less injurious than a bad reply.
Since before cocky was an egg.
Speak clearly, if you speak at all.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
Stop beating around the bush.
Take your wife's first advice.
Talking comes by nature, silence by wisdom.
A change is as good as a rest.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A throne is only a bench covered in purple velvet.
A wise man shall hold his tongue till he sees his opportunity.
Accidents will happen.
All's well that ends well.
Attack is the best means of defence.
Charity begins at home.
Different strokes for different folks.
Do not in an instant what an age cannot recompense.
Don't knock on death's door, ring the doorbell and run.
Don't try to teach your grand-mother to suck eggs.
Empty vessels make the most sound.
Empty barrels make the most noise.
Four eyes are better than two.
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
Innocent as a new born babe.
It's an ill wind that blows no-one some good.
It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
No one can be caught in places he does not visit.
No wise man ever wishes to be younger.
Not in a month of Sundays.
One mans junk is another man's treasure.
Out of the frying pan into the fire.
Show a clean pair of heels.
Still waters run deep.
The darkest hour is before the dawn.
The wise shall understand.
Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Tomorrow is a new day.
Two heads are better than one.
You can't tell a book by its cover.
Where observation is concerned, chance favours only the prepared mind.
Where there's smoke there's fire.
